welcome to number 33 pacific street i'm
going to do a quick walkthrough video of
the property and give you an idea what
it's like it's going to show you this
courtyard that we got here in the front
and on the fence plenty of outdoor
entertaining area with this property so
really is a great beach house we're
probably only about well 200 metres from
the from the surf to come through the
front gate if we excuse the messiness of
the yard this property's only just being
purchased and haven't had a chance to
clean it up but it's nice courtyard in
the front here this is the back door for
the garage that you saw in the front
nice light home great barbecue
entertaining area out here in the front
so you go through these dumbledore
sliders so at this lovely open plan a
good kitchen here Neil's area high rate
ceiling back through the lounge that
lounge opens into the courtyard that was
at the front I'll just pan back to the
living areas of the house what's that
courtyard we had just blown forward left
over here we have a bedroom has air
conditioning built-in robes just pan
back to the laundry and bathroom so here
is here it's like a cupboard laundry
there okay big double shower vanity and
toilet
then we got another living area over
here so kind of a rumpus room I suppose
and we have another courtyard to the
left and through here we have two other
bedrooms that have like a two-way
bathroom that join them up curtain built
in robes there and let's to a bathroom
so we'll just go through their vanity
bath and shower over bath and lube and
then you've got your second bedroom or
third bedroom here sorry so really would
be a great place for say students three
different people lots of area for
privacy lots of outdoor entertaining
area of course you've got Tedder Avenue
which is only you know 50 meters away
from here and obviously the best
attraction is the beach so terrific
place we think it's going to release
very quickly if you have any interest in
the property please call terry on 0411
726 637